---
layout: blog
title: Editorial - September 2015
subtitle: Rebooting PHP Reboot Magazine
titlebody: 
permalink: /editorial-september-2015/
date: 2015-09-13 00:00:00
author:
    name: Kapil Sharma
    twitter: kapilsharmainfo
    github: kapilsharma
---
#### First Magazine
PHP Reboot started by Kapil Sharma in April 2014, as a local PHP meetup group in Pune, India. With the first meetup,
we also decided to start a pdf magazine. April 2014 issue was started with many articles written
by Kapil Sharma and also republished (with permission) from blogs of different authors. That magazine
was designed in Libre Office Writer.

Soon I realized it is not an easy task. First we need to write many quality articles, then work
hard to arrange them in Writer and then export pdf. Not an easy task for single person and I could
not find any other developer helping with articles. This is also mixed with official tasks and
time needed for family, first issue soon become last issue, and plan to make good PHP magazines
for developers in Pune was dropped.

#### Reading, reading and reading

I however continue to read other PHP magazines like web and php (now closed), PHP Architect and
obviously lot of quality blogs automatically filling my feedly account. Still to utilize lot of
time (10-15 minutes interval) I generally waste while waiting for meeting, waiting for family
before going out, etc, I started pushing those blogs to my mobile using Pushbullet.

Soon I discovered flip board. In October 2014, magazine started again in form of Flip board
magazines. Important decision, I was not writing any articles for it (except my blog posts)
but collecting blogs of other users.

Flip board went well for 2-3 months but then they changed their design, which did not suited to
my blog collection. This forced me to think if I should be depending on any third party solution?


Idea of using any third party tool like flip board was dropped and so the flipboard magazines. In between I
planned to write my whole database driven magazine site but it was too time taking.
finally I decided to use Jekyll, a static site generator for the magazine. Best part was, after initial setup,
I just need to add articles and push it to github, and page goes live immediately using Github pages.
Thus phpreboot.github.io borned.

Now I also wrote a simple PHP script which generates pages as well. So hopefully, this time the magazine continue
for along time. Still one person efforts can fail anytime. I wish some developers to come forward and help
me managing the magazine. Steps are simple:

* New articles comes in feedly account (We need to add more sources in the account)
* Identify which article is worth going in the magazine.
* Call page generator `php generator/article.php`, fill in minimal necessary information, page will be generated.
* Quickly check the page and push to github.

I'm still looking to make the process further easier. Can you contribute? If yes, please write me at
`kapil at kapil sharma dot info`.
