---
layout: blog
title: Editorial - September 2015
subtitle: Rebooting PHP Reboot Magazine
titlebody: 
permalink: /editorial-october-2015/
date: 2015-09-13 00:00:00
author:
    name: Kapil Sharma
    twitter: kapilsharmainfo
    github: kapilsharma
---
#### Last month

Last month was good for PHP reboot magazine as I could complete the magazine. There were few delays in adding the
articles but on weekends, I was able to clear weeks backlog.

We have some very good blog posts last month, in many frameworks like Laravel, Magento, Slim framework, and a
new Zend kid `Zend Expressive`. There were few posts for upcoming PHP 7 as well and as always, PHP community
is blogging about informative concepts, tools and libraries.

## Article of the month

Well there is no thing best. All post are good and important.
Few good tutorials last month were from Laravel community, like 
[Flexible and Easily Maintainable Laravel + Angular Apps]({{ site.url }}/magazine/september2015/flexible-and-easily-maintainable-laravel-angular-apps/) by Jad Joubran, 
[Introducing Laravel Spark-A deep dive]({{ site.url }}magazine/september2015/introducing-laravel-spark-a-deep-dive/)
by Eric L. Barnes and [Laravel Spark]({{ site.url }}magazine/september2015/laravel-spark/) on laravel-news.com.
  
Another new kid recently was a new micro framework by Zend; `Zend Expressive`. So another good article worth
`Article of the month` is
[My first approach to Zend Expressive]({{ site.url }}magazine/september2015/my-first-approach-to-zend-expressive/)
by Alejandro Celaya.
  
Along with new frameworks, there were few more great concepts/tutorials like [SQL vs NoSQL-The Differences]
({{ site.url }}magazine/september2015/sql-vs-nosql-the-differences/) & [SQL vs NoSQL: How to Choose]
({{ site.url }}magazine/september2015/sql-vs-nosql-how-to-choose/) by Craig Buckler.
  
So five shortlisted candidates for 'Article of the month` for September 2015 are:

  - [Flexible and Easily Maintainable Laravel + Angular Apps]({{ site.url }}/magazine/september2015/flexible-and-easily-maintainable-laravel-angular-apps/) by Jad Joubran
  - [Introducing Laravel Spark-A deep dive]({{ site.url }}magazine/september2015/introducing-laravel-spark-a-deep-dive/) by Eric L. Barnes.
  - [Laravel Spark]({{ site.url }}magazine/september2015/laravel-spark/) on laravel-news.com.
  - [My first approach to Zend Expressive]({{ site.url }}magazine/september2015/my-first-approach-to-zend-expressive/) by Alejandro Celaya.
  - [SQL vs NoSQL-The Differences]({{ site.url }}magazine/september2015/sql-vs-nosql-the-differences/) and [SQL vs NoSQL: How to Choose](http://127.0.0.1:4000/magazine/september2015/sql-vs-nosql-how-to-choose/) by Craig Buckler.

## Voting:

Let the voting begin. Our site have static HTML pages so we are using google forms for voting. Please visit
[http://goo.gl/forms/FqkG9es7Uy](http://goo.gl/forms/FqkG9es7Uy) to cast your vote. Result page is public so you will be
able to see the result once you cast your vote.

You are not forced to vote for above 5 articles. If you wish, you can cast your vote to any article/blog/tutorial published
during September 2015 and listed in [magazine]({{ site.url }})m1509/). Voting is open till October 10th, 2015 and result
will be declared on October 11th.

#### Meetups

Last month, we also have a meetup on topic `What's new in PHP 7` organized at Ansh Systems, Pune on 5th September. There were three `PHP Storm
license`, sponsored by `Jet Brains` were given to attendees. Also three `PHP 7 T-Shirts`, sponsored by
`Ansh Systems Pvt. Ltd.` were distributed.
 
Over all, it was a great meetup with good participation.

This month, we planned meetup on `Composer`, scheduled on 31st October. Visit meetup.com/phpreboot to book your
seat.